Hello I hope you guys have set up the press and exam.
It's time to download a blog and applied for web site on our blog.
OK.
So this is our friend and back and.
Let's go to Google and search for our blog team my favorite blog team is Sahi 4.
I'm going to go for the fever again.
I'm going to see what birth team free download OK on the first website you see
and you can download this here and it's going to download our team and get it on road to download.
Same started on
gay number one includes the our team is in the Downloads folder.
Don't know where it is going next dictate where
recommendation would
OK.
So this is the zip file that we will upload to play over the team.
OK fine.
But best early a zip file for the team.
OK.
And this is this is basically the other team.
So I'm going to I'm going to be is where we're going to be for.
OK.
This is our team.
I uploaded the file is for M-B.
This is the back end.
Now for those of you guys who are totally new to what press just follow what I do to oblige the team
work best.
All you need do is go to appearance people in teams
Agnew.
Show free team then we can apply our best site.
A lot of free teams see feature.
These are the features that 15 you can go to popular late as you can even feature your features but
I preferred that he found that we just don't know it.
OK.
Or you can search the team you want.
But we are going to upload it because we have to be the team and we are going to upload on her breast.
Now you could upload now.
One thing that is very important to mention is the upload file size the mix them up and file size for
the local host is and B and B are I think Trium be OK.
And even when you buy the hosting from your hosting provider the upload size will be will be all for
M-B.
When I-bar.
My hosting of upper MX MX upper Phyliss was to me he asked my hosting provider and he increased that
file size.
OK.
So for the local host who can increase these differences on our own IT IS ONLY It is very simple to
do.
All you need to do is good exam
D and get them
whose Herrod is exam.
Now this is the we're best but for the max upload size we need to go to PH before to know find the file
with the name BHB dart.
And I hear it is BHB the extension of this file is ionize you can see a B.
This file is called BHB don't I.
And I are Lippi its physicians are in this in this file.
I'm going to open it.
No we only need to change the size of two things.
OK.
Here it is.
I adore these two things a lot.
So.
So we are going to search for these two in this file and we were going to increase this the first two
is both make sense.
And the second thing is uploader McPharlin says we going to increase the file says of both of these
two games all the entries.
But I'm going to show you how you can find these two and increase them.
I'm going to of this company and a final good this is a huge file so we can just go line by line and
see where it is.
All you can do is you can see you can copy this or you can type it here.
I'm going to copy it and I'm going to go to file at it and find I'm going to paste it here and I'm going
to go fight.
See it just look at you Deporter underscore Northcoast guys.
So you just need repipe here post-release correct.
Right.
Underscore size and it will come here.
You can see all the increase DTG 100 and B be but in your case it will be to immature for me or maybe
for my family OK you can increase the 264 and be hundred every whatever you want.
I agree with you two hundred and be OK.
Mitchell you agree that OK offering using this.
No we need to increase this.
This is basically the boss Mexico is not defined it says I'm sorry.
This is the max size the maximum size that we can send using a proposed size.
If you if you guys are familiar with PSP you guys know what Borst is OK but if you are not doing very
you don't need to care about what both.
You just need to increase that.
OK I'm going to copy this.
Go to edit fine.
What a basted.
You need to type it up and make that file.
Yes.
And click next and see.
I have also Inglese it already increase it to whatever you want and make sure after doing all these
you click save.
OK.
So it will be saved.
None.
And after doing this one thing that is very important.
After doing after increasing the file size make sure you restart your exam.
OK.
Study them you can you can restart your computer or start restart your computer and then start the exam
again.
OK.
Then it will work.
Otherwise it will not work.
OK.
Then the file size would be reused.
Now we are able to upload heavy teams.
OK.
Otherwise the team with food imbecile's or LMB says we will not be able to upload.
Now we can upload heavy teams OK.
So now to play this team that we have because in the donors for all you need to do is click on File.
Good to know wrote and picante for team and be open and just upload of our team.
No install now.
So when I started.
And then we will do it team.
As you can see it will take a little bit of time because a local host and it is faster than the live
server.
So what we do in in a minute.
But if you go to our lives the road will take some time.
So as you can see it is done now to apply to see for Team.
All you need to do is click put activity to activate it
as you can see.
Our team is activated.
Ok now I'm going to refresh it and see
yes.
Our team is activated.
This is the C for our team.
OK.
And these a very popular and very awesome blog team.
And almost 100 percent or almost 60 percent bloggers with this team.
OK.
And I'd recommend you to use it because it is very easy to use even if you are not totally familiar
with what browser and you don't even know what good press is.
You can't work with this team.
So this is done.
We have applied over the team in the next video.
We will customize our team move to add some cool stuff and we will do everything that discourse goes.
OK.
So you guys are watching this do you see you in the next video.